Add `--purge` option to drop table CLI (#3718)
apache/iceberg-python: mkdocs/docs/cli.md

➜  pyiceberg properties get table nyc.taxis write.metadata.delete-after-commit.enabled
Could not find property write.metadata.delete-after-commit.enabled on nyc.taxis
```

You can drop a table from the catalog:

```sh
➜  pyiceberg drop table nyc.taxis
Dropped table: nyc.taxis
```

> To also purge the table files through the configured catalog, pass `--purge`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To request purge for the underlying table files through the configured catalog, pass `--purge`:
```

the `purge` option is a request to delete, the catalog might not honor it

https://github.com/apache/iceberg/blob/949d47a01d0e0bf1b7605e96d1890242f13074c0/open-api/rest-catalog-open-api.yaml#L1236-L1239

maybe something like this

Author: Fixed it. Thanks !
